---
layout: post
current: post
cover:  assets/images/welcome.jpg
navigation: True
title: Welcome to Ghost
date: 2017-07-27 10:00:00
tags: [Getting started]
class: post-template
subclass: 'post tag-getting-started'
author: ghost
---

Hey! Skeet - Skeet - Scripity Script 
Screech screech!!

I remember when I was 12 years old I would always play this video walking home from school through the woods. It gives me nostalgia just thinking about it. The vivid yellow rays from the sun would pierce through the lush green canopy as the trees would sway in the warm wind. As I would take in the visuals i'd play this video on repeat on my iPhone 4  listening to that subtle vocal harmony and piercing guitar riff as if I was addicted to it. This song always made me feel happy to be free from school and now it only fills me with pure N O S T A L G I A. I'm 18 now, in a college hundreds of miles from those beautiful woods stressed as can be but still vibing to this video on my iPhone 7. 

### There are a few things that you should know up-front:
1. Ghost is designed for ambitious, professional publishers who want to actively build a business around their content. That's who it works best for. If you're using Ghost for some other purpose, that's fine too - but it might not be the best choice for you.
2. The entire platform can be modified and customized to suit your needs, which is very powerful, but doing so **does** require some knowledge of code. Ghost is not necessarily a good platform for beginners or people who just want a simple personal blog.
3. For the best experience we recommend downloading the Ghost Desktop App for your computer, which is the best way to access your Ghost site on a desktop device.


Ghost is made by an independent non-profit organisation called the Ghost Foundation. We are 100% self funded by revenue from our [Ghost(Pro)](https://ghost.org/pricing) service, and every penny we make is re-invested into funding further development of free, open source technology for modern journalism.

The main thing you'll want to read about next is probably: [the Ghost editor](https://demo.ghost.io/the-editor/).

Once you're done reading, you can simply delete the default **Ghost** user from your team to remove all of these introductory posts!
